who | grep -i blonde | date && (cd $HOME; unzip; touch; strip; finger; mount; fsck; yes; unmount; make clean); sleep
Instead of office chair package contained bobcat. Would not buy again.
Peep. Yes? More cookieesss...
What, you're asking me for some?
And now we pause for a what the fuck moment.
Don't tase me, bro!
Hi, G2! FU too. =)
You know, shadows on the wall of someone being raped by a giant butterfly?
How do you get the dielectric into the capacitor?  Well, I'm not sure.  I guess sometimes it will suck it in by itself, but other times you have to thrust it in.
So the charge builds up until the balls discharge.
"DEAR GOD! YOU SICK PERVERTED UNHOLY BASTARD!!!", followed by: "You're programming in Visual C++?!?!"
You're gonna have to force quit cause you put my heart in an infinite loop.
I'm gonna use the fine adjustment knob on your microscope.
If you were sine squared, I would be cosine squared, cause baby, together we are ONE.
Hey baby, can I sort your heaps?
Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
1-31-07 never forget.
Please leave a message with the murderous yellow monkey in the bellhop suit. He likes burritos.
Error: division by cucumber. Reinstall universe and reboot.
Oh, and, dude, I got my fridays back!
grep orgasm
Huzzah! Duct tape fixes everything! Including backpacks and identity crises!
Look over there.
Don't look, you'll collapse the wave function!
In search of the secret variable of happiness.
The natives are restless and keep on banging on the door.
Damn, it feels good to be a gangsta.
Programmers try to make better programs. The universe tries to make better idiots. So far, the universe has been winning.
numberOfYourMomJokesAllowedPerDay=(int)((round(25/hoursOfSleep-25/6)+abs(round(25/hoursOfSleep-25/6)))/2);
"You know it's love when you memorize her IP number to skip DNS overhead." -- Tarik John Dozier
I left my wallet in El Segundo.
My quantum yo-yo has no need for your silly gravity.
Are you on fire?
That rodent is a criminal.
Goodbye, enemy ariship!
I've been told the world is not a cold dead place.
"Now can we get back to complaining about the scheduler behaviour and xmms? Please?" ~ Linus Torvalds
Illogical, captain!
It's unethical, 'cause, like, you're killing them without their informed consent.
Error: Keyboard not found. Press delete to continue.
The thing with high-tech is that you always end up using scissors.
'Tis sexy over here, 'tis sexy over there.
Sure, I wear boxers on my head.
Confucius say: "All speed coding must be done naked."
<raw> your mother is not proud of you
Note to self: warm, fuzzy, comfy ski pants do not help self stay awake.
'Cause if I wear bananas, I'll get monkeys in my hair
*Gasp* Got the hiccups...
I'm loco, ooooh, they don't know very well..
